docs(query): Added docs for `input-data` flag (#3858)
Checkmarx/kics: docs/running-kics.md

# Running KICS

> ## Supported resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Resources
```

More informatition can be seen [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-getter#gcs-gcs)

## Using custom input data

> Since from v1.3.5, KICS supports using custom input data to replace data on queries that has this feature supported. To check if a query supports overwriting, just check if query's folder contains `data.json` file, this file will contain all keys that can be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since from v1.3.5, KICS supports using custom input data to replace data on queries that have this feature supported. To see if a query supports overwriting, check if the query's folder contains a `data.json` file, this file will contain all keys that can be overwritten.
```

> To overwrite the key, you need to create files following the pattern `<query_id>.json`, each file representing **one** query and passing folder path containing this files to the flag `input-data`, this will get all files from this folder and replace all keys on queries found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite the key, you need to create files following the pattern `<query_id>.json`, each file representing **one** query and passing folder path containing these files to the flag `input-data`, this will get all files from this folder and replace all keys on queries found.
```
